I would like to create a Progressive web application that enables users search for medication from Pharmacies closer to them from an inventory database and order them. If pharmacies closer may not have the inventory, their info and number pops on the list with their numbers incase customers would want to call. The essence is to have this delivered to the customer in good time.The operation is for pharmacies in Nigeria. The aim of this is to have the UberEats/ Lieferando model for Pharmacy to sale OTC medications and supplements. I am currently using flutter/dart for the mobile app for Customers. I use google firebase auth and supabase for database. I will like to use the best stack like python fastapi to handle the web part for the pharmacy and admin sites since for backend and react for frontend flutter may not be best for this. Butt use the google firebase auth.  python 3.11.5 fits. let the fast api cater to the flutter/dart in future to adapt the mobile app . Let the button Colors be Buttons - Color(0xFF11DDAC) - minty green and best Texts - Color(0xFF0D2C54) - interesting blue. The other Colors should be a light grey and white. let the app be very intuitive and interactive.  Let the Pharmacy be able to register and onboard their products very seamlessly. Pharmacies applies on BoK pharm as a “Partner” portal, The verification takes place having added their business licenses and bank info, easy medication upload via automated inventory synch or ways for the pharmacy to upload photos of medications, prices through a dashboard  etc , let the pharmacy manage incoming orders. let there be a role in the pharmacy for pharmacy admin and pharm user , to distinguish what each can/cannot do. Thes PHARMACIES must appear where the users would have to see them. 

For the customers, they should sign up or register , and firebase should be used for the auth. Let the users be able to have their address entered or get their location , and just search for what they want. give them some autosuggestions as well. simply place orders from the existing pharmacy and place an order. the users should have to be able to see previous orders in  a order history. They should also be able to pick up or request delivery. Their account should have their details updated for easily ordering items. also have their pages suggest OTC based on discount etc. Let the process be so seamless. when they order, generate a unique 4 digit number for them. when they delivery service arrives , this unlocks and confirms they are the owner. 

The admin should oversee the whole applications and keep track of what is going on. Monitor sales and discrepancies or issues between transactions.

The app should also allow a partner that should be a delivery man to sign up and track which pharmacy has near him within a radius of 5km that their status is confirmed and then they go pick up. When they pick up, let the customer know their name and number.